is coming
the fact that
and according to him
stabbing is done using
cases on grew without swing
either with a short stroke or lit
body parts
recovered marks May turned in this
all knife strokes must be quick and x
unexpected opportunity for the enemy
stabs are used in conjunction with
distracting kicks and repeated
with blows of the names blows with a knife
up and down .
treatment of strokes blows striking
bottom side kick then the kick follows
where all the morning
hands under and world this rack blows
was a good turn while left
palm of your hand
Well
self-defense against knife strikes.
It is performed from the preparation of a fight to steps with
under the step of leaving the line
attacks and reducing the distance with
opponent of the left or right hand
there is a knife in the plane of application with
outside and at the same time
rotation of the palm of your hand at 90 degrees
side application